71/78: Which of the following represents the correct boot order of the Linux boot sequence?
None of the above
OBIOS, Boot Sector (w/ the Boot Loader), Kernel, Initial RAM Disk, and Device Initialization
BIOS, kernel, boot loader, init, login
Boot loader, BIOS, init, device initialization, mount file systems, login


72/78: What command will find all files having word keyword in their contents:
locate -f keyword
grep -r keyword/
search/-pattern keyword
find/-name keyword -type f

73/78: What is the purpose of a boot loader?
to send the signal from the power button to the motherboard.
non of the above.
to load data and programs which are then executed from RAM.
to recompile Linux kernel on system power on.


74/78: What are basic elements or components of Linux?
Shell: It is an environment in which we can run our commands, shell scripts, and programs. It is an interface between user and kernel that hides all complexities of functions of the kernel from the user. It is used to execute commands.

Hardware: It is physical hardware that includes items such as a mouse, keyboard, display, CPU, etc.

System Library: These are special functions or programs with the help of which application programs or system utilities can access features of the kernel without any requirement of code. It is simply used to implement the functionality of the OS.

Kernel: It is considered a core or main part of Linux and is generally responsible for all major activities of OS such as process management, device management, etc.

System Utility: These are utility programs that are responsible to perform specialized and individual-level tasks. They are considered more liable and allow users to manage the computer.


75/78: Which operations can yum be used for?
Software package installation
System kernel upgrades
Software package dependency management



76/78: A file has a mode of 755. If you don't own this file and isn't a member of the group that owns the file, what can you do with it?
change the group that owns the file
open the file, make changes, and save the file
change ownership of the file
can execute the file


77/78: Administrator wanted to enable port 443/tcp immediately and permanently in default zone. He issued the following command, but it turned out after restart that port was not enabled. What command did he forget to run additionally? $ sudo firewall-cmd --add-port=443/tcp
$ sudo firewall-cmd activate default
$ sudo firewall-cmd --permanent --add-port=443/tcp
$ sudo firewall-cmd save
$ sudo filrewall-cmd --permanent


78/78: Choose correct reasons of impossibility to write file to disk in Linux (3 answers)
not enough inodes
not enough files
not enough free space
not enough permissions
